I got a pea. Ooh, sounds you make when you got a pea. Oh my God.
How's the nanny? Fantastic. It's actually a team. We have a small team of nannies.
We have two. Okay, so one of them can't do
enough of the hours. So we found somebody who does want more hours. So we're kind of shifting
the one into more of a babysitter ad hoc role and the other into the full-time nanny. Anyway,
it's a group effort. We have special needs children, literally. But in the other way,
I could mean that, I guess. I don't know. You're also special. You're also special needs.
I'm also special needs. Okay. Yeah. Let's talk about that. I'm bipolar, which I think I knew.
I even found a tweet where I like tweeted something about hypomania. I've probably talked about on
this podcast. My memory is very obvious. It's very obvious. Yeah. In retrospect,
I should have always known. But the thing that's not obvious or the thing that I'm now that I
actually have the official U.R. bipolar diagnosis, it's not obvious how life should work or how I
should be. Like, I enjoy being manic or hypomanic. I'm not sure that I'm actually manic. I'm just
new to the bipolar Reddit. I'm catching up to speed. It turns out lots of people that have lots of
similar life experiences. That's the great part about diagnosis is I never would have thought to
look up like a community of people with bipolar. And like, what do they have to say about things?
And it's amazing. Just immediately. How many threads on Reddit I've read that I'm like, wow,
that is so nice to see. I am not just weird or whatever. There are people who have navigated
this and found good solutions. So the main crux of the problem is, if I were a single man,
and I didn't have a family, and I just was a lone wolf, like I seem to want to be at times,
like I, I tend toward lone wolfness, just very isolated. I enjoy autonomy. I don't seem to need
people. If I were that person, I would just be manic all the time. And that because it feels
amazing. I mean, it is a high. And there's a lot of like societal acceptance of people who get a
lot done. And I get a lot done when I wake up at three in the morning. And when I don't want
to do anything, but set up my desk and produce things, like it is rewarding in so many ways,
mostly career, and just feeling really good like I'm on crack all the time. But it's like also
terrible for my health. Like, so I would probably live a very short, intense life, if left to my
own devices, because like sleeping because like you don't sleep. Yeah, you don't sleep enough.
Like I sleep four or five hours a night. That's not enough hours. Yeah. But it feels like it's
enough. That's what's always been weird to me. I've always said like, I just don't need that much
sleep. Like Casey sleeps like almost twice as much as me. And I'm like, it's whatever. I just don't
need much sleep. I'm an abnormal adult. But that's just the mania talking. And I did know that I have
these like periods where I'll go two, three months where I'm really not sleeping enough.
And I'm up and very excited. It's like Christmas morning every day. And then I crash for like two
weeks where I just don't want to get out of bed. And I sleep like 10 hours a night. And it's like,
this is weird. What's this about? Is this depression? Like I've always been like this back and forth
and never thought about like, maybe, maybe there's a happy middle. I just don't know how much my life
I've lived, not in one of those two states. It feels like most of my adult life. I've been
one of those two things. And so now as a married man with children, I have to figure out.
I am my best self, my best father and husband self, maybe not my best
coworker slash cog in society. But I am my best like human being to be around when I'm not
in those extremes, when I sleep enough and I'm healthy. And I'm not just like jittering all over
the house, you know, like, I actually think about other things when things slow down. Like I don't
just think about my work. So yeah, trying to figure all that out. I think I'm in the normal
state right now. I don't know if the podcast listeners can tell or if they've seen, if they've
seen my bipolar over the years easily tracked with your commit history. Like if we just chart
that, it's probably very, you probably perfectly correlate it. That's funny. You get that data.
I mean, it feels like anecdotally, it feels like I spend a lot of time in the upper state.
And then crash into the lower state for shorter amounts of time. But that's, I mean, my memory
is not very good. I think that's probably another, like, when you spend a lot of your time not
sleeping enough. Yeah, it's really hard to tell what actually, I mean, that's with everything. It's
like, unless you're literally writing it down every single day, it's really hard to self assess
anything. Even from just like, what did I eat? Yes, you're like, am I like eating enough protein?
It's just impossible. Unless you're right, anything like that, it's just hard to get
extensive. So are you doing something different? Or are you just like naturally in?
Yeah. So the number one thing I can do to keep from going manic, well, one, I can't consume caffeine.
Sorry, terminal. I really can't, like, it 100% of the time shoves me into mania. I'm pretty sure.
Yeah. So I have to avoid caffeine, which is fine. I've been drinking decaf and enjoying it.
But the number one thing I can do is just sleep enough. If I just don't let myself get out of bed
before five and I go to bed knowing I'm not allowed to get out of bed before five,
like put me in a straight jacket, tie me to the bed. Like, I cannot get out of bed.
It's really hard to go into that hypomanic state when I'm sleeping enough. That's, that's the best
thing I think I can do to stay normal. The hard thing is to not slip into depression,
which is where I just sleep a lot. And I don't feel like doing anything.
Yeah. How'd you figure both of those out? Was that something that you just self assessed,
or did someone help you figure that out? I think my therapist said something about
like, I need to like sleep is the biggest tell, uh, or my psychologist or whatever she is.
But I think I just kind of put it together. Like, I know, I know that it's not good to be
getting up at three in the morning or two 30 even. I got, it just makes sense that that's not like
some weird, unique superpower I have. It's like, no, it's just not good for me. And I, it's just
hard to imagine if I'm getting eight, nine hours of sleep and I having that brain state,
I don't know, outside of like drinking caffeine, I guess. Yeah. Interesting.
I mean, I don't know that it works. You say, how did I figure that out? Like,
this is like, I've tried it for a week. So we'll see. We'll see if it actually works, but.
Yeah. I mean, those, those two things seem pretty extreme in that, like, I can see how they would
explain like a large percentage of what's going on. Like, you're not getting enough sleep and
you're drinking caffeine. Like, yeah, that definitely just puts you in like, like a biologic,
just like a pure biology. Then it's like, I put you in like a really weird place.
Yeah. Yeah. How much do you sleep? Like, what's your night? Like, do you have like a pretty solid
routine? I've been in different phases in my life, like ignoring my younger face because
that's obviously, I think everyone when they're younger is just like crazy about that. But like,
in the past five years, I've probably fluctuated to some degree. It's never like that extreme,
though. It'll be like a go for a period where I'm getting like one to two hours less than
yeah, I should. It's never like half. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I think,
one of the observations about me is she's like, you just don't change. Like, I'm just like the
same all the time. Yeah. In terms of like my mood or like my energy or like, you know,
so yeah, I guess I have, I don't know if that's because of that's not really stemming from
really consistent routines. Like I actually, I've gone in different directions in my life where I've
had like no routine at all. Then I like saw the miracle of like, what having a really strict routine
does like just just a consistency of every day, like just has just makes up gel into place more.
But then I also had this other feeling of like, I don't know if that's where creativity
really comes from when like every single day is the same and you don't like meander and like
have things that are unexpected or do things that you wouldn't normally do. Sure. So now I'm kind of
in and in between where I think I'm still a little off bounce. I think I've gotten like too much
in the unstructured direction. Yeah. But yeah, I'm just trying to like find this balance of being
like decently structured. But you know, you just think of like great people in the past, like it's
not like they were just adhering to something rigid structure every day. Yeah. Yeah. So I want
to like make sure I don't lose that. Just given, I think modern society really pushes the idea of
like hyper routine. I know I need to like reject that to some degree, even though there is like
wisdom there. You think about that a lot, don't you? You just like run your life based on how
did great people live? You want to be a great person, don't you? Not faulting you for it. I think
we all do. We just don't all put it in practice probably. Yeah. But I think, I think for me, I have
a very, I think for me, it's more that I have a very narrow particular personal opinion of like
what I consider a great person that I would like kind of look up to. Sure. And because it's so narrow
in particular, I think I'm like, I really admire them. Like really, really admire them because it's
like a tense choice that I've made to like them. Yeah. I got to ask more questions now because I
just assumed like that made sense to me. But it's not necessarily lined up with what like society
views is great people. So it's not like the like default answers to that question. You have a
different set of great people. I think it would be a well, it's not I'm not going to be like,
it's Hitler. I love Hitler. That's another topic that's very hot right now.
It's not really contrarian. I just think it's a subset. I think everyone that I it's fine. I can't
even really name people off top of my head is more like a vibe that I think of. But
I don't think I'm thinking of anything that's like anyone that's like underappreciated or like,
you know, lost. It's more just all the great people. They don't all check your boxes.
Like there's people who are considered the great people of our time and you don't.
Yeah, I got you. I tend to like people that seem like weirdly good in a lot of different
domains, including being really enjoyable to be around. I think it's like it's people like that.
Yeah. Yeah, which isn't like, you know, most most great people. Yeah. So it made me think of Einstein.
Like Einstein wasn't known for being a good hang like kind of miserable to be around or is that
not weird. Maybe that's maybe that's like maybe that was too strong of a statement. Like because
I like I like greatly admire Steve Jobs and people think he's a dick. But when I say great to be around,
I'm like, I just feel like he had such a interesting way of like phrasing things or like looking at
things or really good perspective on stuff. So gosh, I'm like, like, that seems like a pleasant
person to be around. He would keep you guessing. Lots of interesting thoughts.
Yeah. I'm not super into like this, like the more like autistic. You imagine like a great autistic
person, like kind of a stereotype we have of that. That's like not what I'm super into. I'm a huge
fan of Richard Feynman. I think he's like, Oh, same. The best. Like in this category. Yeah.
So it's like he just seemed to enjoy every single facet of life and try to like pull the most out
of all of it, whether it was like the intellectual science part or like the emotional part or like
the appreciation of art's part. It's yeah, I tend to really, really, really like people like that.
And I tend to dislike people that achieve greatness through like overly specializing in
some area. Yeah, I could listen to Richard Feynman. Feynman, I can listen to him talk all day long.
Sometimes like when I get tired of whatever book I'm listening to, I just pull up a random
YouTube video of his where he's lecturing. I don't know what he's talking about, but I just,
I love listening to him talk. Like somebody who really knows what they're talking about and
is very passionate, even if they don't necessarily communicate in a way that I can understand,
it's just very fun to listen to. Yeah, exactly. So, yeah. And I think, I just think society pushes
you into all these like narrow, overly specialized ways of living. And I like to remember people like
that because it serves as a counterbalance. Yeah. Yeah. So this is off of what we were talking about,
but that just, I do have consistent routines. I just try not to go overboard with it.
Yeah. So I guess I do want to, I want to go back to the bipolar thing briefly. I wonder,
so it's mostly like working adults that have bipolar. It's not like a thing I've had since I was a kid,
or maybe I had that, I don't know, I don't understand it all fully. Maybe I had the predisposition,
the genetics somehow. I do have someone in my very close family that has had some pretty intense
manic episodes that kind of led all this, brought it all to a head for me and my wife. Like, I need
to get diagnosed just because we want to know, could I ever have one of those situations where,
like psychosis, extreme kind of like disassociation with reality. And like, just knowing some of the
things about bipolar, it sounded like I might have said disorder, but it's basically like largely
working adults. And I look at like tech, and I wonder if it's, I guess what I would say is this,
if you find yourself not sleeping near enough, I feel like there's got to be one listener out
of all of our listeners. Yeah. That's like, Oh, shit, that could be me. That sounds kind of like me,
not that it needs to change your life. I'm not looking to get on medication. I'm not looking to,
I just wanted to understand it and kind of curb the main drawbacks that people with bipolar die
like 10 years earlier or something makes sense. If you don't sleep, that would add up over time.
So yeah, I think if you don't sleep enough, and if you find yourself real excited about your work,
like more excited about it than anything in life all the time, and you can't sleep because you want
to wake up and work on it. And then sometimes you're kind of depressed, just maybe look into it,
maybe DM me sometimes to get a DM when I talk about stuff. And they're like, Hey, I didn't know
that was me, but that's me too. So that's nice. Yeah, maybe it's you too. And I'm going to provide
a counter thing here, which is if this sounds like you, but you're not getting a lot done,
it probably isn't you. You're a fan bipolar, you're failing.
Actually, you're probably just like not disciplined. Like there's just,
there's a lot of ways to sleep and not be bipolar.
Because I think that was me when I was younger. Like I definitely like didn't sleep.
I was like, kind of all over the place in the same way, but like it wasn't, it wasn't related to
this at all. I wasn't really getting. Yeah, for me, it's like, it's like every morning feels like
Christmas morning. Like when I'm hypomanic or manic, whichever it is, it's like, I cannot stay in bed.
I'm too excited. I got to get up. And sure, there's like projects at work that that's probably normal
for people. But when it's like every day for three months, I don't know. It's probably a sign.
You should get, get it checked out. Yeah. Yeah. Like I said, it's a having been around a few people
now that have fallen under this. It's like easy to just be like, oh, that's normal. But then when
you like actually think about it for a second, it's actually extremely obvious when someone's
bipolar in the way it really is that you are. So you also like mentioned to me that I just want
to tell you this. You mentioned to when you got your diagnosis, you mentioned to me like,
oh, they recommended one aspect was like kind of routine social interactions. And I was telling
that to Liz and Liz commented that, oh, he's going to like someone legit because that's like very
tailored advice. That's not like the generic stuff you typically typically get. So yeah,
whoever you're going to. She seems she seems legit. She costs as much as a lawyer. So she better
be legit. It was like an eight hour evaluation. I sat in there all day with this woman. I mean,
she had seen me twice before. Like this was kind of like, she recommended we do a full assessment
for a few things. And it involved sitting in there with her all day long. So she got to,
I couldn't hide any bits of me by the end of it. It was just me. So did you know that there are some
therapists that specialize in treating other therapists? Really? Yeah. Who watches the watchmen?
And then who do they go to, right? Oh, yeah. There's got to be a point of failure at some point
up the chain. Yeah. Yeah. It's just like, it's that's interesting. And again, having known some
people that are like professionals in that space that are like really good at their career. Yeah,
it seems like a cursed career in a lot of ways because they're just thinking about this stuff
so much. And it's just not healthy to have to think about this much. Yeah. They all are like,
like way too analytical about every little thing that they do. And they like treat it like,
they're like, what would a good patient be like? And then they like try to act in like they try
like assess themselves in the way that what kind of patient that them as a therapist would want.
So it's like this really complicated thing when you're a therapist and you yourself need
the therapy. It just seems like, yeah, like a special kind of hell. That's tough. Yeah. It feels
like, I mean, if you really believe that what you're doing is good, like you're doing something
for other people, you're sacrificing a lot of your life to live that life. Because yeah,
sitting in a room every day with, I can't imagine like it's hard for me to spend an hour in therapy.
I can't imagine doing it all day long every day. Yeah. So we have it. So Liz's best friend has
has had the dream patient scenario happen because I think every patient to some degree is self-conscious
that, am I just super boring to this person? Like is this person just like hating the hour they're
spending with me? Yeah. And you know, the reality is is like, yes, most therapists find most their
patients and like boring. Sure. And it's just it's just like very boring work for them. But Liz's
friend had this crazy situation where therapists is like, I am done. I remember what she was like
not being a therapist anymore or like she was retiring. And she was like, but I want to be your
friend. Like, let's like continue to hang out. So she got confirmation that she was like not a
boring patient. And she's now, Oh, now I want to win over my therapist. I want her to want to be my
friend. But that's also like not that that like is like a fundamentally unhealthy,
just like relationship to have to your therapist. So yeah, yeah, these dynamics are funny. And the
way that the things I have to think about are, yeah, are really funny. So we're professionals.
You spend like, as a person spending like on the patient side, you're spending time with this person
every week. It's a friendship, like it becomes a friendship, but like, they can't just have all
their friendships be their patients. So they have to like, look at it very differently, right? Like,
just becoming friends with everybody that walks in the door. No, no, yeah. And they can't,
they like have to be really explicit about certain things to avoid you seeing them a certain way,
which then like, can disrupt what they're trying to do. So it's a funny thing. And then, and then like,
our friend I was talking about who is a therapist, he does, I think couples therapy mostly. So then
that's like even crazier dynamics. Two people. Yeah, it's, it's interesting.
It's very interesting. Anyway, enough of mental health, my brain,
et cetera, I'm as depressed. Everyone sent him money. I did just come out of a little, a little
slump, a depression. I, I, as I did to call it depression, not because I'm like, it feels vulnerable
or something, which I want to get back to that, what that word means. Not that like, I don't want
to be viewed as weak or something because I'm depressed, more just like, I don't know if it's
actual depression and I don't want to make light of like people who have depression, capital D, if
that's like a separate thing. I don't know. I don't know. It might be the same exact thing.
Okay, but I will say like you're, because we interact mostly digitally,
I weirdly get a more shallow view of you, but the shallow view has less noise. So it's like
really clear when you're in one mode or the other. Hmm. You know, I could tell for the past couple
weeks. Yeah. That it was, you were in a different mode. Mm hmm. I've been sleeping like 10 hours
a night. If nothing else in my life were different, that's crazy. Like tell Brian Johnson. Yeah.
Oh, I want to talk about Brian Johnson in this episode too, because he, he's kind of like made
the leap after I feel like we talked about him before. He was definitely in like the public light,
but then the Netflix series came out and I feel like I see constant things about Brian Johnson now.
And he's also like in our little bubble, like he replied to Madison yesterday. Yeah, he's like,
and I saw him reply to Theo, like he's, uh, he's kind of like in our Twitter circle in ways.
He's touched it and it's very interesting. Uh, where do you want to go next? What's going on?
Uh, Twitter, you want to talk about something? There's, there's lots of news. There's an inauguration.
There's lots of meetings. Yeah, I watched the inauguration. I don't know if you did. I actually,
I don't think I've ever, I don't think I've ever watched one really before, but I just had it on
the background while I was working. Yeah. And man, how do you watch something like that? Was it on
YouTube or was it? Yeah, it was, it was everywhere. I was like on Twitter. It was on YouTube. It was
a bunch of buses, but uh, Twitter, of course. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. It was, uh, it was pretty
boring. Like, I don't know, just like a lot of staying around and waiting. It wasn't like, uh,
back to back, like we got stuff going. This person shows up. There's a lot of like downtime and
took forever for to start. Um, I thought, so if I'm being honest, like seeing a lot of the clips of
people speaking and like there were speeches, all that stuff, I didn't know. I just thought it was
like hand on the Bible, hand up, say some stuff and that's the inauguration. I didn't know there was
like a whole thing about it. Yeah. I mean, there's definitely speeches, but I don't know if it's always
to this degree where there's just like a slew of people talking about, uh, about things. Yeah. So I
think the few things that stood out to me were, uh, one, just it's crazy how intertwined with religion
a lot of this stuff still is. Uh, I mean, hand on the Bible. I just said, like, yeah, I mean,
that part is fine. Like I think the whoever's getting sworn in can choose technically choose
like what they're swearing in on. And I think it like, I think, uh, I think in Trump's case,
he like chose his mother's Bible or something. And then you actually didn't even put his hand on
it when he swore in, which was probably was an accident. Yeah. So but like just, you know, the
people that speak, it's people that are like reverence and there's also like a rabbi. And that
one is just to me like, okay, like the president isn't Jewish. So there's like no explanation as to
why a rabbi is speaking. Besides they're intentionally being, oh, we need to represent, you know,
these ex religions as part of our government swearing in ceremony. So yeah, yeah, it is like,
just kind of increasing in the world that's increasingly like fewer and fewer and fewer people
are like involved in religion. It's, uh, yeah, increasingly secular. Yeah, it's a word. Yeah.
It's bizarre stands out. It just, it just interesting to see that that show up, show up again. Um,
and it's not just like, it's more of the way. Okay. So the one thing is across all the speeches,
everyone was just like crazy sucking up to Trump. That was like a, I don't know if that's normal
when a new president comes in, everyone is just like, yeah, I think there's like an above average
amount of like, you know, showering the new, yes, candidate and praise. I didn't, I didn't
watch the inauguration, but I've sensed there's an above average amount of sucking up this time.
I don't know what that's about, but, and I think it makes sense just because it was such a
contentious election and like people saw as a very important one. Um, but there's like this whole,
so when the religious people talk, they do it in their flavor, which is like,
like God guided his hand. God is protecting him. Like he's like touched by it. Like there's like
this essence of divinity attached to it. And that's so interesting to me because I'm like,
this is how police it like, this is how like kings and emperors were spoken of, like they were
seen as literally, yeah, well, there's a, there's like a terminology for this, like, uh, when like
your role is like God, like authorizes your role. Yeah, yeah, divine right or whatever divine right
to hold something like that. It's like, cause I like, you know, ordained, sorry, I've been
trying to think of words. Yeah. And that one just came to my head, like in certain cultures, like
the emperor, they literally saw them as like a literal God. And I'm not saying we're anywhere
close to that, but it was, it was funny to see that. And, uh, you know, they were talking, and
especially because he survived this assassination attempt, there's not a whole angle of like,
you know, there being like a divine intervention and making this interesting. So yeah, it is
interesting how much that is a part of everything. Uh, and it's not like, like I said, there's like
an increasing percentage of the population, but that just doesn't live their lives that way.
So it's kind of out of place. Do you think that was the case four years ago? Like, do you think
that there's a party divide on how much the, uh, religious aspects come into the presidency?
I mean, I don't know because I think my gut feel is Biden is probably more religious than Trump,
like in his heart. Yeah, sure. I imagine that like, I, like, just the way Trump is spoken about this
stuff. I feel like he fought it's like so clearly he forces it in and like he just, he just seems like
just a guy from New York. And like, I know, I know what that vibe is. It's not, you don't like
view life through religion, really. Um, that's my read on it. So that's my read as well. And it's
very funny to me how much like Christian America backs Trump and is like, I mean, it's just a huge
part. You can't separate religion from politics because it's like so many people in America
align with some religion specifically evangelical Christianity. And it's just like this thing
that everyone knows they all vote for the Republican and like Republican and Christian are just kind
of like this weird amoeba thing that's mashed together. Amoeba wasn't very word. This weird,
like molecule that's been mixed together. And it's just, I can't talk about it without getting
really like grossed out because it kind of bothers me. But yeah, I mean, just like when I was part of
that belief system, I saw it in like the mega church in Springfield, Missouri has like the
politicians come through during that season. It's like September, October, they all stop in the
church and the pastor like announces them and they stand up and wave. And like everybody claps.
And like, it's just the whole thing is so dumb to me. Like, I mean, just the idea that like,
I don't know, if you believe in something like Christianity, just show me the overlap of those
beliefs with like Republican Americans. I don't get it. Yeah, it's just like, I mean, like, yeah,
it's just obvious that Trump isn't isn't like a Christian. Exactly. But there's you in this like
this messianic figure that's like come to say. I mean, yeah, it's just the thing that overrides
everything is like, there's alignment, like, you know, if someone is aligned with goals that you have,
then it's very easy to overlook a certain character. And to be fair, I think a lot of people don't
do that. I think there's probably a lot of Christian people that are very upset by
the way some people sure in power that are technically representing them, you know, represent them.
But yeah, it's just just a reality of just power and all these like all these dynamics.
But yeah, there's like no way that Trump just I just can't see it. Like, I mean, it's not like,
it's funny because it's like, this might sound like I'm criticizing him, but I'm actually not.
What I'm actually saying is, I know how I am. And like, I feel like he's kind of like me. So,
I don't know how much he pretends that he's not. I just feel like it's more on the like,
religious people side that they've wrapped this thing onto him and decided he is this thing.
I think he does whatever politician does, which is like, say the amount you have to say to like,
get the vote for that, you know what I mean? Like that constituency. Anyway, yeah. I feel like we
can't not talk about Elon to just how much he's played a role in this presidency and the inauguration
and all of it. I don't know what's the deal. He donated a ton of money, I guess.
Yeah, I thought money and like, yeah, just do whatever you could to put weight on the scale in that
direction. Do you think that weighs in on why people like Zuckerberg are now so pro-Trump? Is
it like, we're not going to let Twitter and X have some edge? No, I've already, I've already done
my rant. Oh, really? I've already spoken. He's just a lizard man. Yeah. He what? Yeah. He's just
trying to be cool and he's just following whatever is cool. It does. It does seem like I don't remember
last time when Trump had his first term. I don't remember all these like corporate tech giants
getting so behind. No, that's that's definitely a new thing. Yeah, I think it's just, it's just
an incentive thing. I think, okay, let me actually talk about very specific thing. Did you see the
Stargate announcement yesterday? Yes, I want to talk about that too. Perfect. Okay. So I'm convinced
that that's a fake announcement. Yep. And I'm open to being wrong about this, but they're just a
quick comfort context. Trump got up there with Sam Altman, Larry from Oracle, Larry Ellison,
and then the soft bank guy, a masa, right? And they announced, hey, there's going to be a $500
billion investment in infrastructure for AI over the next, I think they said five years or four years,
something like that. And they listed who's involved. They were like Microsoft and video,
Oracle. Now, soft bank, obviously, MGX, which is like a, I think it's like some some some fun
in Saudi, like one of the like public fund from like managing their sovereign world or whatever.
So I was like, huh, okay, this is one a crazy number. So I did some digging and I was like,
let's see if I can like make these numbers make sense. So obviously when they list
Oracle and video, whatever, I don't think those companies are contributing money. Yeah, they're
actually the ones going to be receiving money. I'm assuming for the GPU. Oracle has some capability
and building data centers, whatever. And obviously in video, two pews, et cetera. So ignoring those
people. So Microsoft was listed. And Microsoft already announced six months ago that they had some
Stargate AI thing and they were like planning on spending a hundred billion over the next five
years or something. So there's a billion. They're already doing something. Are they just like counting
Microsoft's effort as like, Oh, yeah, it's like under the Stargate umbrella, but that's they're
like counting it as like, Oh, this is general AI infrastructure, even though that's just Microsoft
doing that for themselves kind of irrespective of it's not like they're going to be giving this
infrastructure to like, you know, their competitors. It's probably more than just AI, just any, any
like cloud business that they have is probably part of this. Okay, so ignore. So 100 billion there.
Okay, gotcha. Softbank only has 350 billion assets managed. So like if they literally liquidated
everything they had and they got like exactly what they wanted for it, that still wouldn't be enough
to cover this 500 billion. And realistically, they're not doing that. They probably will maybe
raise a new round for this. That's what I was going to ask. If it's over four years, is the argument
from them just it's 125 billion a year. Yeah. So is the argument from them that they're just,
they're going to raise 500 billion over four years? Like, yes, okay. So I think they're basically
saying like, Oh, we're going to this is our target. We're going to raise 500 billion. But like the
people they listed, like the MGX fund, the whole fund is 100 billion. I don't think they're going
to yolo the whole fund on like this one project. Yeah, right. So like for what they listed, I'm like,
this isn't really like adding up like numbers on add up. And they do technically say up to 500
billion, they claim they're going to deploy 100 billion immediately. Maybe they're just counting
Microsoft thing plus whatever else they raised, I don't know. So I'm like, okay, I think what's going
on here is they went to Trump and they were like, Oh, let's do his announcement. It's going to be
sick. Yeah. And of course, from just one of you, great, that's great PR for them. Second day in
office or first full day in office, like he's got this really impressive sounding thing. And then
they can like kind of make it seem like, Oh, we're established as like the market leader.
Google and Facebook aren't just going to see that and they'll be like, Oh, okay, we lost. Yeah,
it's just like it's that's not what's happening. And then Elon tweeted today,
because he has this whole thing with open AI. He replied being like, this is fake. They only
they have less than 10 billion committed, which I'm sure he's probably making that up to some degree.
So, yeah, to me, it's just like a marketing PR thing. And I also thought, Oh, this is exactly
what I would do. Like I would go and make some big official sounding announcement. If I had the
capability to that just like creates a bunch of noise in the market. It was always good to do.
If they really set up to 500 billion, that's a pretty hilarious marketing gimmick.
Like they did say that. Yeah,
I'm going to spend up to 500 billion on cereal this month up to likely not going to reach those
levels, but I've been up to 500 billion on my house mortgage payment this month.
Yeah, so I don't I don't know. And the other thing is that's kind of crazy is like that is such a
crazy bet to make on this root singular. All boys on to a root thing, which is scaling all we need.
Are we going to be able to spend 500 billion and get like 100 x yeah, the
four is going to be two x equality. That's like the question. Can you speak to just like what
they've announced with Stargate? Like it's just data centers or what are they saying? And it's just
for open AI to use to build new models. It's a broad statement. It's they're just saying we're
going to there's going to be 500 billion invested in AI infrastructure that we need to do all this
stuff. And technically they're saying Stargate itself is a new company. And then Masa is going to
be the chairman of it. But like, what does this company actually own? Like, I don't think they're
necessarily owning the data centers. It's just like, I don't know, they they're just going to raise
money and like direct it towards different things. So they might like give it to open AI to then
do so they might give it to someone else to go do so they might directly give it to NVIDIA to do
to do stuff. So yeah, it's like very vague. But if you imagine that some percentage of it is for
training, some percentage of it is for inference. It's a lot of money. That's a lot of money.
It's kind of hard to even fathom 500 billion dollars. Yeah, I think I think Grok has the largest
investment so far. And that's only like in the like under five billion, I think, if I if I
remember. Yeah, something like that. Yeah, I find it really interesting because I think
I think they effectively killed the the perplexity category of companies,
which is like a modern search engine that basically just like ingesting real like real-time information
because it's doing all that like it does real-time stuff, right? Yeah, yeah. And I find myself using
it like in my head, I said a mental block of, okay, I basically go to LM's for everything.
But if I'm asking something like, when does the severance show premiere? What time I can't go to
AI for that because it doesn't know anything upcoming. But now I realize like, oh, Grok like
almost always knows the answer to that. And it effectively, like basically, that's the last
part of the last time I go to Google. So now I'm trying to go to Grokmore for that kind of thing.
Yeah, now, you know, sports stats that are the latest, you know, stuff like that.
It's always it's always going to have the advantage of having all the tweets, like,
yeah, and tweets contain all the current events, answers to all the current event questions.
There's a tweet out there with any current event question you have. There's a tweet out there
answering it basically. Yeah, open AI like going to chat GBT for like a you just don't even think
to ask like a current events question because you just know like, I don't think it can do that
stuff, right? And then the question is like, okay, technically, open as models are better,
clouds models are better, but that just seems like a temporary gap. If Grok just gets that good,
why would you use two things? You probably wouldn't. You probably would just use Grok for everything.
So as of now, there is really interesting position, I think, and it was kind of not very predictable.
Yeah, let's talk. Let's talk about the whole AI landscape right now, because there's so much
going on with like deep seek are one came out. I guess people are very impressed with this model.
It's open source. And where is open AI sit in the landscape? Because cloud, I mean, there's all
these other models that people use that pay for subscriptions for like an open AI behind.
Are they still because for a while they're leading? No, they're still leading because
their models are still the I mean, the best is such a fuzzy question, but like on certain evaluations,
their models tend to do well, and they tend to release them first. So yeah, deep seek thing
came out, but you know, it was after a one and presumably like, you know, they like open
as advanced since they released it, and they have. So I think they're still in the lead. It's just
that lead is just more and more marginal. And it's just becoming very clear that I mean,
it's been clear ish for a while that the winning company is not going to be it's time they related
to like who has the best raw model, because that just becomes a commodity that's just everyone
eventually hasn't been good enough or around the same. So you asked an actually really interesting
question I just glossed over earlier, it's like the Stargate thing is scaling it really the problem.
Do you have thoughts on that? Like, can we scale this current thing? I have no clue, but I think
that's just a fundamental question, right? If it turns out just doubling the power 10xing the raw
power is gets you like brute forcing to like AGI like, yeah, that would be crazy. Yeah. Like,
that's that's well, that's how the bets are aligned, basically. Not entirely. I'm kind of
exaggerating like there's other obviously also inventing new techniques like optimizing things,
but roughly they're betting that the 10x bigger data center you get like an exponentially better
model, like the amount of effort you've invested, which if it's that's not true, and it's actually
the opposite where it's, you know, longer than the mic and it likes to taper off. This is a
complete like, a bad bet, waste of free sizes. Yeah. What do you think about quantum? Because
there's been all these headlines to Google had a big, we didn't talk about this. They had this big
breakthrough with quantum computing, which has always just kind of been like this thing that
is coming, but not really coming. And like, we don't actually know how to do it. And but think
about the possibilities. Now it seems like there's actual potential for commercialization in the
next some number of years. Do you do you think about that, how it relates to AI? Because like,
all this stuff that we're doing with the types of LOM, the approaches to building these models
would all be completely different in a world where quantum computing was like a part of modern
infrastructure, right? Maybe because it's not like it's so possible that okay, so just on a
quantum computing itself, it's like, I don't know the number, but it is like six moonshots that need
to happen for quantum computing to be usable. And that Google thing was like, we got past one
of them. But they got, they got past one of them. But there's still like, there's still like many
of those left to get to a place where it's usable. And then even then, it's not like it's a general
purpose computer. It's like insanely useful and going to transform society, but not, it's just not
clear whether like, it's going to be in a shape that like meaningfully impacts AI and also on the
timelines. Yeah, a lot of stuff can happen. It's just it's so like tantalizing when you read the
headlines with quantum computing, like the stuff it can do, maybe it's just super specific stuff.
But those things, it does like trillions of times faster than a computer or just like does it in a
computer, couldn't like a classical computer could never work it out before the heat death of the
universe. And it can do it in like five minutes or whatever. You just can't hear those headlines
and not think like, well, what could that do with AI? Like what could that do with these approaches to
like synthetic intelligence? I feel like the potential seems crazy.
That's true. But the other dynamic to consider is it might be that, oh, it is true that scaling is
all you need. But it turns out the other thing you also need is more input data. And you can have
like the biggest data center ever. And it turns out the results are not any better because we've
exhausted input data for the system and like synthetic data, like is not making it work any
better. But then, you know, that could also be the bottleneck. And then we won't know how to really
really address that. I think fundamentally, it's just this thing where
clear like, even if this stuff works, we've just created a parallel way to get to some level of
intelligence because this biological brain we have is still superior in like every single way.
Like, it doesn't need a billion examples of what a dog looks like to look like a dog. It needs like
two. And it doesn't need this crazy amount of power. It doesn't need all this stuff. So
I still feel like there is still maybe a totally different approach to AI that might end up being
the thing that actually makes it happen. Because what we have now feels so divorced from what nature
invented. And a lot of things in life are that way. Like the more efficient thing is like,
not the way it works in nature at all. But when it comes to intelligence, it feels like
the nature version is really, really good. So it is really, really good. But there is,
I take issue with the idea that this thing, we've created a parallel version that's just a shittier
version of our brain. There are things it does that I couldn't do.
Like has infinite memory. The memory thing. Yeah, like the ability to like pull context from
areas I've never heard about and like put a coherent answer together. That feels very useful,
especially in our line of work, like as a knowledge worker. How do you explain that
in terms of like, it's just memory, it just has more memory than us, or it has more a wider.
Yeah, but I think what I'm describing is, I'm not saying if you built the nature version of it,
that you could just also have that. Like if you built it in a virtual environment,
there's no reason you couldn't give it more memory while still retaining what's good about
the way our brains are. We were saying like, if we built a whole different approach to AI that
was more like our brain, you could also give it the memory. Yeah, you can still untether it from
the downsides of our brain, which is like, it experiences time at a certain rate. So you can't like
teach it at a faster rate than we want. And like, you know, it like forget stuff and it's
unreliable in certain ways. And it might turn out like a lot of those things are important. Like,
if you build something else that's a human brain that remembers perfectly, and it has any kind of
negative input, and it remembers it perfectly forever, it might just end up being traumatized
in a way that is hard to correct for. Yeah, I can relate. So
maybe the forgetting is like actually really important. So yeah, I think it's
it's just so clear when I started talking about things in this way.
The thing we have is quite different than a brain in a box. It is so this is such an interesting
moment in time where all these companies, you think of Nvidia, and then all the major tech
companies, Google, Amazon, OpenAI, whoever, they're all pouring so much money down this path because
they have to. They have to like assume it's going to work out and they're going to beat the other
people. They have no choice. They have no choice. They have no choice. And a trillion
dollars will go in this space in the next five years. And it's like, could be wrong.
Oopsie. Like imagine someone that has just like, what would it look like to make a contrarian bet
today? It would be betting that they're investing in the wrong place. Like not entirely wrong. Like
you still you still go for AI, but you're like, the architecture they're following is like totally
wrong. Yeah. And if you make a contrarian bet there and you're right, this is like the best bet
ever made in the history, the bigger, the bigger short, the biggest short, you would build a business
that eats all of them. So how, how do you make that contrarian bet? Not like I'm actually going
to try and make this contrarian bet me in my middle America. I mean, you would have to have the idea
for it first. That's just like, I don't, I'm like, not smart enough to say you're saying the
contrarian bet is the person who makes the alternative that goes hard down that path. It's not just like
shorting all of their stocks. No, no, no, no. Yeah. That's no shorting is not actually a contrarian
thing. It's a you have to bet on the thing that actually wins where everyone's betting on a thing
that ultimately loses. So there's like a crazy opportunity for whoever is able to have clarity
on that. And maybe there isn't nothing turns out they're right. Yeah, it could be right. It's
just, yeah, it feels like it could be really hard. If you're like a founder type, and you actually
have the credentials to do this, to like get people excited about, I mean, maybe not. Maybe
there's people excited about everything. But to be like, we're going to go a different direction.
Forget the whole LLM's and what are what's the underlying thing that transformer architecture,
like we're going to do a totally different thing. I guess there probably are companies doing that
and getting funded. No, if someone had that, and they had like a compelling story around it,
they would easily get funded. Yeah, that's true. Like there's still, most VCs are not contrarian,
but they're still like true contrarian VCs out there that like make sure that they don't miss
those things because that's their job seems like a noble mission. Seems like somebody needs to be
building the backup plan because yeah, it would just suck if this really did all kind of it feels
like there's no way to know if it's a dead end or not. It's just like you have to build these giant
data centers. You have to stuff more and more GPUs and more and more training data into these
things to figure out the limits, right? The thing that's unclear is ultimately all humans operate
the same. And we're a lot of us like we're all like pretty faith based when it comes to a bunch
of things. And we do a good job of distorting ourselves so we could we could operate that way.
It's possible that some of the people in charge, if they sat down and looked at it
really coldly, they would not make this bet. But the enticement of this actually working out is so
large that it's overriding that analysis. So as possible, Sam Altman is just like, actually,
that doesn't fundamentally believe that scaling is all we need, but he hopes it is. And there's
like a small chance that it is. And there's a small chance that it is. And of course, he's going to do
whatever he can to like direct as many resources that the world has added.
I mean, I think the worst case, I guess, is I think about it, like the floor is still pretty good.
Like the stuff is useful. It's just, is it useful enough to warrant like the biggest investment in
history in any one thing? Did we already talk about how he said 01 pro was not profitable?
Yeah, you said that last, I think last episode maybe.
Yeah. So I mean, that's the problem though. It's like the stuff is useful.
But can it be sustained? Yeah, I saw a video of someone like stacking five Mac minis to run deep
seats at like a really shitty like slow rate, get like a really like crappy like token per second
rate. And I'm like, what the fuck? That's what it's anytime every time I hit them. Like that's
of course, they're using more optimized hardware. And like I'm sure some stuff is better. But
that like gave me a visual of like a window into it. Yeah, holy crap. Like I'm consuming
the quote in the five Mac minis, like 100% dedicated to just answering my question when I'm
using this thing. So yeah, it's possible that it's just, you know, the optimizations just can't happen
forward to get there. So interesting times we live in. It really does feel like
kind of feel lucky sometimes just to live in this timeline. I mean, I know some people hate
this timeline, but like feels nice to like get to see all this stuff unfold, like in our prime
of our career, like one of the odds. Or maybe it'll be crazier stuff that our kids get to witness,
but I don't know, it feels pretty cool. You think about how how little the world changed? Oh, sorry.
Yeah, I was gonna talk about it. It's like, I always think about, wow, it's so crazy that I could
have been born like in medieval times. And like, I wouldn't have seen any of this. But the same time
that there's a weird dynamic where there's more people on earth than ever. So it was actually
most likely that I would be born this time. Interesting. Yeah, that's a good point. Most people to the
concept this time. Yeah, it's actually really rare for you to have been born in a medieval time.
So maybe, yeah, maybe not many times, but think like 150 years ago, like the world didn't change
a lot in your lifetime. Right? I mean, I think about people like grandparent age currently.
And it's like, or maybe even like a little bit older than that, like people that were like,
yeah, it's older than that, because they saw like electricity come into being like, that's pretty
crazy to go from like candlelight to like, there is electricity. You can just feel it with just by
looking at clothing. Okay, so imagine someone in the late 1800s. Okay, like, imagine like what they
would be wearing and kind of like the imagery of them. And then realize that they probably died
in like the 70s. And then imagine what the people are wearing in the 70s. Like, how do
we miss all that experience? Both of those situations, right? Interesting. Yeah, it's really mind blowing.
And like, of course, the clothing implies like massive change across the board. Yeah, like to
all culture and life. I don't really notice the clothing changes anymore. Do you? I don't pay
attention enough. I'm probably so out of touch with my dress, how I dress myself. Well, I was
complaining the other day that I really think that we're at like a low in terms of aesthetics
across the board. And I don't think it's a subjective thing that I'm just like old and out of touch.
I think it's, I think there are times in life where the society is in a better place, aesthetically,
other times they're more lost. So I think we're in like a lost phase right now,
everything just kind of ugly. Well, yeah, I don't know if I pay attention enough to the world.
I thought you just met like software. It's not just clothing. It's like everything. Yeah, I thought
you just met. Yeah, no, software too, just like everything. So we're in a low. And I think everyone
feels as with like furniture interior design, like, we just haven't seen anything better than
like the 60s, the mid-century modern stuff as a clich and tired as it is. Like you just look
at any scene in Mad Men and you're like, Oh, this is really good. This is really nice. And we've
tried other stuff, but most of it hasn't really been better. It is interesting that like,
I have a ton of mid-century modern stuff. Like where is the last 60 years of furniture change?
What is the new stuff? Yeah, like the Eames chair is still everywhere. Everyone wants
still wants a Eames chair as their centerpiece in their room. I mean, you can't you can't walk
around in a city. Like we were just in New York. I mean, I guess not just New York, but it was
a few couple months ago, whatever. Just like seeing buildings with crazy architecture, just like
the ornate stuff on the facades. Oh, yeah, the older stuff. Just like, we don't we wouldn't do
that anymore, would we? Is that just like an old man yells at cloud thing? I don't even understand
because like you'll like walk by a building and there's like a sort of random mass intricate carving
on like some corner of it. And you're just like, how did they allocate someone's time to bother
doing that? That just like doesn't make sense to me at all. And I mean, like New York is crazy. Like,
so the modern stuff in New York is also very crazy. So that's going to extreme to look at.
But like outside of extreme places like New York, the modern stuff just feels like so lazy.
It just feels like we try to build like the easiest possible thing.
Why is that? There's something there.
There's some deep psychology to be on earth or it's really simple. I don't know.
I think it's a mix of I think there is like a real cultural thing. Like we don't put in a value.
Yeah, we don't we don't we don't put in a value. And then also there's a practical side of it.
There's like all these like zoning complexities, which I've learned about recently that
our why a lot of these buildings are are pretty ugly. There's this whole thing about like buildings
need two sets of stairwells now. And that forces like all these constraints on what types of buildings
people can build. And the side effect of that is it's almost never the kind of stuff that
would want. Things are ugly. Can I bring up something else? It's completely unrelated.
Twitter. There's a thing there's there's a one last relic of LinkedIn that lives on Twitter.
And it is what it is. I'm a parent who just loves my children. And I love playing with them. If
anything takes me away from my kids for an afternoon. If that I'd rather play with my kids. You know
what? Shut up. Stop it because I'm a parent. No, I'm glad your brain is up because I have felt
I've had like strong thoughts about this recently, but I'm like, I can't say anything. Okay, well,
I have kids. And I'll say this. Yeah. And I don't know what I've said about my kids on the podcast.
I love my children. I honestly believe it's the greatest and the worst part of my life. Like it makes
all the highs higher. I don't know if I've ever said this on the podcast. I'm sure I've said it to
in person or something. All the highs are higher. All the lows are lower. Like life got way more
intense since we had kids. We've got a 10 year old. So it's been a decade now. I love my kids.
I would not say that like on a Saturday afternoon, my favorite thing to do is play with them. There
are some times where I just miss playing with them. I haven't seen them. And I I want to just that's
what I genuinely want to do. But a lot of times I play with my kids because they need to be played
with because they're bored or they're whatever. And like, it's an obligation at times. And that's
okay. It doesn't mean I don't love my kids. But to act like, yeah, I don't know. Like all I want to
do in life is be a dad. Maybe it's my bipolar speaking. But like that's not the case. No, no.
I have this different perspective on this where I don't have kids. But seeing people talk about
this, I'm like, I'm actually, I want to make a commitment to never speaking about my kids in
that way. Because it sounds really positive. But in a lot of ways, you are saying that you're not
doing a bunch of things because of your kids. And you're kind of putting, you're like basically
saying that you're kind of like, and this is an extreme way to put it, but adding illustrates a
point, which is you're blaming them effectively for you not doing a bunch of things. And the reality
is, is there are people that always do both. There's always someone out there whose kids are like,
my dad was great. He spent a ton of time with me. And they also did all this other stuff that
people are like, I don't do that stuff because I want us from time with my children. So I just
don't want to ever feel like, of course, people don't raise it in a way where it seems like they're
using them as an excuse. But I don't think I'm a hundred percent wrong to say like, there is some
aspect of that. And I feel like I don't want to ever position them that way.
There's definitely some kind of like, we all want to be good parents. We all want to like,
be viewed as good parents and people who value our kids. I think our generation too, like,
I think there's some amount of we were shaped by our parents, our boomer parents who maybe didn't,
they wouldn't have said these things if they had Twitter back then. They wouldn't have been like,
man, I just love to play with my kids. There's a bit of like, millennial identity that is,
we love playing with our kids. And I don't know, I just, I don't want to like, I'm not trying to
shame any individual who says that their favorite thing to do is play with their kids or that they
hate activities that take them away from their kids. That's fine. Maybe you actually do. But I do
think there's a bit of like, linkedineness to it where we all just want to be viewed as like,
amazing parents. And it's hard. Being parents is hard.
I think there's this natural dynamic of you say, like, it's going to be a millennial identity thing.
There is generally a culture that we want to be true. And then we will engage in rituals that
reinforce that whether it's like this thing of saying like, all I want to do is spend time with
my kids is because we want a world where you could just do that. But everyone just says it over
nowhere and reinforce it. And maybe they don't say that, Hey, like you said, like you just said,
sometimes I don't sometimes doesn't want to go do a thing on my own. Because even though that's
true as totally fair and no one would be upset at that, it's not in service of this larger culture
that I think we're trying to make happen. Put that very smartly. Thank you for making that sound smart.
You took what I said and you made it smart. I love it.
I'm just glad you like I said, I'm glad you said it because I feel like I felt this way and I felt
really unfair for me to again, because I'm just not in that position.
I think you should just respond to tweets like that and be like, listen, from someone who doesn't
have kids shut up. I think it'll come really, it'll come through really hard if the fact that you
don't have kids. I think it's also, I mean, just you saying it is also just important because the
downside of this thing where we like, you know, it's good to have this ideal and strive for it,
but the downside of it is people take it too literally and then they like find themselves in
situations where they feel the way you do where you're like, oh, sometimes I don't want to, you
know, I want to do my own thing. And they might feel bad about that or they're a bad person.
So everyone else around them is professing like some kind of purity around it.
And that's why I call it out, not to shame the people who say it, but to like push back on this
feeling, because I have the feeling when I see stuff like that, just like the I'm a dad, I can't
believe I'm a dad, I'm the, it's the best. When I see those kinds of things and I have any bit of
like, oh, but it's also like so hard. I feel bad about, am I just a bad dad? And it doesn't help
like being bipolar and honestly, like, I wonder like, do I just not enjoy my kids as much as most
people because I just want to be working because I'd rather be manic and at my desk all day with
coffee. Like there's that fear. So I definitely have all these self-conscious, like bad feelings.
And then I come back to it and it's like, no, you know what, it's just, it's hard being a parent.
And we don't all feel that way. It's, it's like a ritual. Like you said, it feels like one of those
things, like everything that's posted on LinkedIn, like we just say it to get the claps and then
yeah. Yeah, the LinkedIn thing is funny. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't know, it just for me, I don't
me personally, like that identity is not the one that I am going for it to me. Like that feels,
I have this thing about like, I'm like, and I guess it's entirely a personal thing. I feel like
when you say certain things, it cheapens the reality of the actual thing. So I feel like,
just a personal thing, if I feel like I like really like love my kids and love spending time with them,
it feels wrong for me to like say that. It feels like kind of cheapens. Yeah, like the sentiment
behind it, it feels like, okay, some part of it is just because I want other people to know.
Yeah. Which is fine. Like everyone, that's true, but like actually saying it like makes it too real.
If we all just constantly say how much we love next year's, then when we actually do love next
year's and we have that feeling like, man, this is a good framework, it cheapens it because we've
just been, it's a ritual now. It doesn't sound real. So we have to actually be real. Yeah.
And this is the thing I have with a with the whole wife guy thing too. Oh, what's the wife guy thing?
Oh, no, I'm probably this guy. No, no, I don't think you are. It's a so there's this dynamic of
like publicly being like talking about how like, great your wife is and you know, X, Y, Z. That's
like a trend that is a thing on social media. And I felt the same way about this where I'm like,
I do feel that way. Like, I really do. But if I ever posted publicly for other people,
to me, it feels like I'm like taking something away from the from how genuine that thing is.
And Liz feels the same way. She's like, don't be a wife guy. She doesn't like that concept.
And the funniest thing is a lot of times it tends to be kind of projection or like cover for
things aren't actually are as perfect as as people are trying to make it seem. So
it's definitely very similar to the whole kids thing. But yeah, it's reality of social media.
There's a lot of a performative aspects of it. It's unfortunate because I'd love to like be
super relatable and share all the actual difficult things in life. But like that stuff doesn't really
go on social media very far. So it's like, you can't really help that many people. It's like,
No, I think it does. Okay. So did you I finally had my first ever like truly viral tweet.
Oh, really? Wait, what? When did I miss it? Like it ended up in like newsletter.
Oh, geez, what was it? What was this? What? How did I miss it?
It was a dumbest tweet ever. It was it was dumb. I would say if I would rank it
on my tweets, it's like not particularly good. Okay, not screenshot a potato. I'm still scrolling.
No, no, no, no, here. It's a recent. I wrote the only the only career advice I have
is make every decision that moves you closer to not having to be on LinkedIn.
Okay. Yeah, yeah. That's a good one. It has 95,000 likes. Okay, what's that like?
Does it even give you notifications? I always see those tweets and I wanted to like, what's it
like to get 95,000 likes? I've muted everything. I always mute things like very soon after they
like go above like a couple hundred. So I don't know what it would have been like maybe Twitter
sauce. I mean, notifications, but it was really crazy because like all these like professional
social media people were like including in their newsletters and like, you know, it was just like
this funny dynamic. It was on some like random blog spam article being like top tweets this week.
But the point of bringing it up is why did this tweet do well? It's not particularly insightful.
Like it's not particularly good. I see where this is going, but it is the most relatable tweet
cause what everyone loves sitting on LinkedIn. And we all know like it's fake. It's that thing
where we were doing it, but we know it's it's so fake. So there's something about that that we
all just like, yes, thank you. I hate it. Yeah. So I think the things that go the most viral are
things that are contrarian in a shallow way, where they're like counter to what's currently
happening. But technically, that's a very common thing. Like everyone hates LinkedIn, but it's
counter to like everyone is on LinkedIn trying to do LinkedIn thing. So the thing you're describing
probably if you talked about this, it would probably do pretty well because I think a lot of people
do feel the way you feel, but it is counter to what you're supposed to be doing. Yeah.
Yeah, I gotcha. Yeah. I just scrolled forever. You tweet so much. I was trying to find the tweet.
So I could like it. I want to join 95,000 people and liking your tweet.
Did you just open my open my page and private browsing?
Oh, because it shows you your top, like the public view of people's profiles,
like their top tweets. Oh, that's so funny to think about like, what are my dumb top tweets?
And that's not a great view of it. It's crazy because that one is 95,000 and number two is 9,000.
Wow. That's a big leap. It's crazy. 10x. Yeah. A step.
Something crazy. Nobody knows that. Nobody knows that. I don't know. It just means 10x.
Yeah. Just add another zero. That's funny. Yeah. It's it's also funny because like,
I tweet so much and I've been on Twitter for so long. It's taken me so many tries before I got
in here. And there's people that like do this. People that we know that do this. Yeah. Like,
very frequently. Like, you know, like, you know, Vic. You mean like pop off? Vic? Yeah. I know Vic.
Me and Vic go way back. He pops off. He has like, he has so many of these.
I feel like every other week he just going crazy viral for Annie has a bunch of them.
I've seen a bunch of hers. And yeah. And then Annie's like, every single week,
she's got something going. Yeah. I got a piece so bad. Are we done? Should we just be done?
Okay. It's going to be done. It's been an hour. Isn't it? Okay. Yeah. We should just be done.
I got a piece. All right. All right. See man. Sounds you make when you got a feeling. Oh my god.
Okay. All right. See you. All right. Bye.